Thursday, August 30, 2001
-------------------------

Maybe I just shouldn't be working on the code base this week. The
memory fix I added in the last release contained a serious bug which
would cause a segmentation fault. I actually fixed this by removing
the code I added and just fixing the problem in ternary_insert()
instead. I don't know why I didn't do this in the first place. I also
removed the xstrstr() function since strstr() will do what tinyproxy
needs. Removing code is _always_ a good idea. Less code, less chance
of bugs.

        -- Robert


Wednesday, August 29, 2001
--------------------------

There has been a tonne of work done on tinyproxy since the beginning
of last week. I have been releasing minor-minor-minor point releases,
but the changes in this release constitute a minor-minor point
release. Please see the ChangeLog for detail descriptions of all the
changes, but here is a brief list.

The most serious fix is to the DNS caching system. There was a memory
leak in the system whenever a domain was already in the database, but
had expired. The new domain information was placed in the database,
but the old information wasn't freed.

The second change is in regard to the regular expression library. For
a while now tinyproxy has included it's own library (the GNU version)
in case the system did not have a working copy. Due to a bug in the
configure.in script the included REGEX library was being used even if
a working copy was detected. This was making tinyproxy larger than it
needed.

I would suggest that everyone upgrade to this version; especially
anyone who is still running 1.4.0 or below.

        -- Robert